Saryl Audio
Save it! Save it!
No, don't save it. Let your freak flags
fly, you guys.
Ha ha ha!
I love those J-I-M-G-L-E bells
Oh!
This is my favorite Christmas Carol growing up
Frank Sinatra, this vinyl record. For me, this song
is the very, very meaning of Christmas.
I mean, we've all heard J-I-M-G-L-E bells, but
dig this shit.
Welcome, one and all, to a very special
Harmontown. For the very last time in the year of our lord
in 2013, Harmontown is now in session.
Once you welcome to the stage
the reason for the season, the mayor of
Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Happy New Year.
Hello.
Merry Christmas. Happy Hanukkah. Happy New Year.
It's a holiday special, Jeff.
It's a cavalcade of holiday celebration.
We're going to have countdowns and years in review.
I'm ballad sung by children. At one point the entire
room is slightly flooded than frozen and we all skate out to the parking lot.
Special Christmas wishes, dances
a little Christmas wrap.
And then a very heartwarming poem that you improvised at the very end.
And gifts. Gifts for everybody.
We'll figure it out.
This would be a good time for a beef steak bill to step into action
and bring him back full of goodies.
I think it must be said that
Oh god damn it. Forgotten your name.
Anatoly has dressed up like some sort of weird cross between
St. Nick and Krampus.
Anatoly, get on stage. Everybody Instagram the shit out of this right now.
I mean
What in the gay porn is going on up here?
Anatoly wearing a
kind of a... As Adam Goldberg
properly says, he is Anatoly correct.
He's wearing a red Santa Tuk and little short shorts
red in some Ugg boots.
He's really ready for Santa Monica Boulevard at any moment.
Anatoly, is this your way of saying that it's colder in Russia?
Are you being kind of like home sick and going like
fuck you weather pussies. Yeah, fuck you almost differently.
You seem to be engaged
in your Soviet given right to intoxication
as usual.
Some kind of red here.
Merry Christmas. Anatoly.
I won't accept it.
You're committing to the whole atheist thing in Russia still?
Well, I mean we have just different kind of Christmas.
There's one like no one cares about which
who cares about Christmas? No one. What is it? What's the Russian Christmas?
We celebrate Christmas on like old wrong calendar
so it's like we celebrate Christmas on
January 7th and it's like mostly religious holidays
so most people don't care about it. They just
drink and eat.
Is it a winter solstice thing? It's honoring the end of the year? No, no. We have
New Year for this. New Year in Russia
has got to be pretty intense. Yeah, New Year is basically a knuckle from
European Christmas. It's how it's like
origins of Russian New Year. They like stole Christmas
from Europe and change Santa Claus to the great
guy who is way better than Santa Claus. What's his name?
His name is in Russian it death morose.
Death morose? Oh, that's great. I mean that can be great.
Death morose. And it's mean like...
In Soviet Russia year ends you.
I don't remember Soviet part of Russia.
I know, I know. You're post-Yakov Smirnov generation. You don't know.
You don't even know what that is. I barely know what that is.
What part of the Russian holiday tradition brought to mind
coming to Harmontown nearly naked?
I mean it's like after your
drugs you have to be naked.
After drugs you have to be naked.
Are you on ecstasy right now or mushrooms or what's going on?
It might or might not be.
On ecstasy? Yes. That sounds like a resounding da.
So are you giving a lot of back rubs,
grinding your teeth and promising to call people more often?
Or has ecstasy changed
since I was 25?
No, I think I took some MDMA
in...where was I?
I can't remember.
But it's been years since I did anything interesting.
So you're kind of lame now? I'm kind of lame.
Are you afraid to do hallucinogenic drugs again then?
Sometime around your first mortgage payment
you take on the sometime way before your first mortgage payment.
Your first mortgage payment is on even too much marijuana.
I have to be very careful even smoking pot or I'll get very...
My freak out threshold is very low.
I'll start panicking. I guess that's what they mean by paranoia.
I never realized it until I realized it.
Paranoid about why am I getting high, I'm too old to be getting high, and all this weird shit happens to me.
Because I'm outside of God's
step, I'm out of rhythm and out of the moment
and making money and being grown up and that's been going on since I was like...
Is your concern, Dan, at your age right now, that if you did hallucinogens you might come to
Harmontown wearing red short shorts?
I would love to think that I had it in me.
I've always thought of you as kind of a shy fellow. Even though you sit in the front row and you are willing to get up on stage,
you seem kind of reserved to yourself.
This is a very different side of you.
I just don't like to talk but I don't have a mic in my hand.
Look, I'll have what you're having, man.
Who is your dealer?
I mean, would it be strange if I
will say that I'm like 100 drug free?
What? 100 drug free?
100% right? It's supposed to be 100%.
You're not 100% drug free.
But I kind of am.
You can't be kind of 100%.
You're something to the gills.
Are you high on life?
Is it like a stupid expression?
Stupid?
Maybe you're just really in a good mood and that moves you to do that.
I was differently in a pretty good mood.
You have almost identical shoulder and back hair patterns to me.
However, I am, as Darth Vader said to Luke, it is too late for me.
Take your shirt off.
I think we owe it to the live audience.
You notice that three people clap.
Not that it's my fantasy that everyone...
Even the freak show element of it, people are like,
I don't want to see it.
Well, Anatoly, I'll give you two choices.
You can take a seat now, enjoy the rest of the show,
or you can stay up here as Russian Santa Claus.
I do want to know what does it mean.
It means, like, Grandpa Frost.
Grandpa Frost?
Does Grandpa Frost grant wishes? Does he help people achieve what they want in the new year?
Yes, pretty much. He does everything the same as Santa Claus.
Except he isn't fat.
Because he isn't American.
Wow. The Cold War just got colder.
That was the last...
Well, the shot heard round the kitchenette.
I mean, Santa Claus isn't definitely American,
so that doesn't make any sense.
Right. I mean, we kind of Americanized him.
I think we took ownership of that.
Green until Coca-Cola co-opted that.
Is that true or is that an urban legend?
I believe that's true. Coca-Cola is the reason why he's been branded as a guy that was red and white.
Makes sense to me. I don't know. I don't care.
I think people are too sardonic about Christmas
because the truth is that it's...
whatever you're celebrating at this time of year,
what you're really celebrating is the solstice. You're really celebrating the fact that the days
are about to get the shortest that they'll ever get before slowly
starting to become longer again. And, you know, old cavemen,
when young cavemen,
I believe, I think that they were conscious of how long the
days were and how long the nights were. And I think that this time of year
has a global condition of mankind, like everyone
all over the place at this time of year. If you have a winter and you have
this sort of solstice where it's sort of ingrained in us
culturally to celebrate the death of the year
and ask ourselves what that means and then you cycle this beginning
and stuff. And there's a really matter that, like, I mean,
you got your people who stamped their little feet about how Christianity co-opted
this time of year. You got your people that stamped their feet about
the war on Christmas and trying to politically correctify everything.
It's all kind of, I think those people just like choosing this time
of year to be unhappy and I think that you get to spend this time of year doing
whatever you want. It's a little fantasy time. Dan, do you love Christmas? I do.
I really like it because it's something that you mark
it's a time I'm plotting my bravery.
It's a bold stance this time of year.
It's a very bold stance. It's probably not fashionable
and I don't like the only thing that I like about it is just the fact that it is.
That it happens once a year. That's it. That doesn't really...
But Valentine's Day happens once a year and you don't give a fuck about that, probably.
Yeah, you're right. It's got little trade marks to it.
It's like the Christmas lights go up at the bar. I think that's the thing that I really like
is like these dive bars
that put up Christmas lights. If you're not from here, or if you are, and if you haven't been,
in that water village. And it's a little dumpy dive bar like the drawing room.
But around Christmas time, they put up really good Christmas lights
and they make eggnog that will wipe you out. It's got three
kinds of booze in it. Go to the roost tonight or soon before
New Year's and that's a good Christmas thing and a very good jukebox
as well. Alright, Russian Santa Claus, we're going to give you an elf now.
We're going to provide you with a Russian elf.
It doesn't have elves.
I mean, I can have one.
In the spirit of Perestroika, please, let's meet each other halfway.
Yes, this is a Christmas miracle that's happening right now. We have a
semi-naked Russian Santa Claus or Death Morose up here.
Alright, let's bring out Duncan Tressel, our friend.
This is Anatoly's.
This is a mic under you.
So it's a... It's a beard fest. Beard fest!
okay so thank you for coming Duncan my car was parked outside your house cuz I
drunk a couple nights ago and you were in your house so I brought you here
tonight yeah thank you for coming you ripped me away from an Xbox one that I
just bought yeah that's friendship that's friendship don't boo him for coming
to the show is it bad to buy an Xbox one are they are they good I don't know
I don't know I just but aren't you scared you're getting monitored the whole
time by the connect control I don't want to have to unplug a camera that's
watching me all the time what did Anatoly say I don't know I don't know
what he says he said don't you like to be looked at oh it's it's it's it's it's
comforting for them like it makes them feel like they're alive to be monitored
Duncan do you have a do you have any special Christmas memories Christmas
memories for better or for worse oh man can you think about one while I
complain about something yes okay it's more of a rhetorical question than a
complaint if you're writing if you're if you're a TV critic and and and I think
all TV critics are great wonderful misunderstood people who should all be
appreciated as long as they're writing a network television reviews of networks
sitcoms those people are great the but I have a question for the TV critics who
do reviews of SNL episodes which I didn't remember where they where they
review each sketch and talk about what whether or not it was funny yeah am I
supposed to read that before I watch the comedy sketch or after and in either
case dumb like what what kind of life are we supposed to be living I like that
comedy sketch mr. farts huh that's funny farted I wonder what Joe Johnson had to
say he he didn't think the farts were funny it's a little insane isn't it
yeah and here's the even weirder thing I wonder what Joe Johnson recommends huh
looks like they did a fart sketch on SNL I think I'll read about it seems like
the farts came fast and plenty and overall it was no cone heads but a good
time was hats I'm gonna give that sketch a look see Joe Johnson was right
again I consumed a sketch using the navigation system of a professional
sketch reviewer how do you take three minutes to watch the fucking sketch and
somebody's got a five paragraph theme about it how did you come across this
reviewer I just I don't know I saw a thing that I clicked a link in it
I just I was like what is that really a thing but you know what I feel about that
the SNL reviewer I feel the exact same way that I feel about the guy who has to
watch people playing Xbox at the NSA it's like you're getting it's like instant
karma you're getting what you deserve you have to watch SNL sketches
professionally you have to watch like mildly overweight guys laying on their
couch yeah vanishing into oblivion event have a report on somebody's desk at 10
a.m. yeah yeah yeah people are still at Steve Mitchell picked his nose and ate
it yeah exactly that's what happened I'm not hip to this so they watch you play
Xbox in the event that what that you're good at doing like they have the monkey
bars like a like a it's just it's just biometrics you're being monitored now
they have cameras on these things are really cool I went to Comic Con and
they showed Justin and I the Xbox one when we did a Xbox interview for their
little channel and they took us behind a curtain and fired one of these things
up and it was looking at my skeleton I mean not even not my skeleton but it
was it put a skeleton over my body because it could recognize my body and
know where each of my knuckles were and my and also Justin standing next to me
and we were like dancing around and it knew and it and then I started I was
laughing the whole time because it was amazing and then I started noticing that
when I smiled it said that I was happy next to my head yeah and so the the the
the the Nielsen evolution of this system is kind of obvious that you know no
longer need people to crank a dial in order to test a TV show ostensibly
our entertainment will be in the hands of people who are are so weird that they
actually smile when they enjoy themselves in their privacy of their
living room while watching a National Geographic show but to the extent that
that doesn't happen everything on National Geographical could cancel but
you can stream you know like there's something called Twitch where you can
stream playing a game like you can stream playing a game and also I guess
it films you playing too so like there's already been bad accidents where
someone left that on and and that filmed him and his wife was passed out and it
like filmed him rubbing her pussy oh yeah oh really oh I see it was on purpose
yeah I didn't know that I thought he didn't know he's being monitored rubbing
bus pussy part Russian Santa Claus what are you doing here
were you were you were you watching us did someone mention the Russian Santa
Claus equivalent of a plate of milk and cookies I believe in Russia they leave
out a yeah wait so wait wait so a guy rubbed it rubbed his wife's pussy on
camera to make it like as though he was doing with something bad well there's
actually you remember chat roulette I mean it's like like chat roulette very
quickly became everyone's got their dick out because there's like yeah that's
really that's like that's like those people are the opposite of me like the
idea that you want to that like the people who want to nothing nothing
against them I'm whatever whatever floats your boat well I mean unless you're
victimizing people but but but which which these people sometimes often do
because they need to be like seen jerking off and all this stuff that's like so
the opposite of me like I'm so sex is too intimate for me I just really boy I
wish I could just hide from my partner yeah I know what you mean yeah I do
Doug Stanhope has a really funny joke about how like you know when you watch
porn if for those of you watch porn like there's the porn where the camera
guy will start talking and it always sucks because he's like oh yeah you're
so hot and it's like you just want to hear this lazy guy talking you just want
there to be this kind of sacred silence when this thing is happening but you
were talking about Instagram now has become a this this thing you're starting
to go down well Instagram is like a yet Instagram is the kind of like you can
chat on Instagram now they just added that they open the floodgates yeah it's
really it's a danger it's a this is Dustin Dustin's fault for showing me this
I was fine and then he like tied my mating impulses in with Instagram and I
can't staring at the fucking rectangle so take me through how that works like
you're on Instagram and you see a do you see a girl's pictures you took a selfie
as you kids call us and and you like the way she looks and now you can send her
a message which you couldn't do before right yeah so what happens is now what
happens is very attractive people very attractive girls they have this instant
way to melt dopamine out of their brains which is they just take a picture of
themselves and put it on Instagram and then thousands of people like the
picture and that keeps that that makes them feel like they are connected to
the universe and that they're alive or something but that was how Instagram
always has been you could you post a photo people like it what's what's the
new thing with the check now you can contact people right yeah now you can
send people like you'd say hello to people and stuff and then they can write
you back and then that pulls you into like a darker vortex of community and
you can send a private photo obviously you can yeah since Dustin taught me this
thing about Instagram I have felt like I was gonna be murdered four times like I
felt like honestly in danger and cat you said it's combining Instagram with your
mating impulses what are you what are your mating impulses well no it's a
mating ritual you know like people go to a bar and they want to meet people like
everyone's trying to make people are generally trying to reproduce or they're
they're in a monogamous relationship but people are generally driven by their
sex drives and it used to be you would go into the world to try to do that and
now this has been digitized and so there's this whole new thing forming
which is like you know like the way it works is like I don't know what was your
name it's not only what's up not only and it's only like if I wanted to sleep
with you I here's it what he said thank you I would look it if you were awesome
I thought he said I do but in Russian but you know it's a series of likes so
you like someone's picture and then they like your picture and then you like
their picture now you're doing the thing where you that's the digital version
of looking at someone and looking away and then you catch them looking at you
now they got you got the the cupids and the the what's all the dating stuff and
there's a Christian mingle swiper swiper tinder well I was I was doing a
I was doing a comedy show in the Midwest and but now I've but since then I have
seen this commercial here in Los Angeles it's a like farmer dates like it's a
what's it called farmer date what state farmer state farmer no it's not
state farmer it's a farmer it's not stink farmer it's a farmer's dating thing
what's that what's that anyone know the name of it huh data farmer and they
go like yeah find a farmer and yeah yeah you're a farmer you want to date a
farmer find farmers and at the end it goes date a farmer city food just do
get it it's Christian mingle but for people that grow soybeans and and there
aren't Christian apparently that they have to go to the greatest tag new
commercial of all time the internet really is ubiquitous now that if there's
pockets of it were for non-city folk that's pretty amazing welcome to
hillbilly.gov we don't cotton a technology round this domain welcome to
homeless hookup great idea employed people just don't get it we really did
it we also don't know how to monetize this
the money's coming in from the from the homeless people there's people there
might be people who want to date a farmer or a homeless person like do you
have to be another farmer like a sexy lady that's like like like like I would
say I'm pretty sure there's a certain percentage of traffic on Christian
mingle or jade date that aren't Christian or Jewish I would say there's lots of
people that are sure phoning in and saying like yeah I love the Lord as much
as the other next guy I heard that Christian mingle has the highest
assault rate for a dating site I don't know that's the kind of thing that
would immediately have traction like you just created you just created that
like like idea that's gonna be well it makes sense doesn't it cuz like if you're
a fundamentalist Christian you believe in a death God you believe in a god that's
eventually gonna destroy the planet sacrificed his child and you worship
that being you pray to that being so wouldn't it does make sense that you
would it's a sacrifice God so some percentage of the people who go on
Christian mingle probably still believe the old ways and think where you
sacrifice your date yeah because God in the Old Testament was always telling
people like you must kill your son today right yeah so how does like I'm sure
people on Christian mingle the same thing happens where the transmission comes
down like if you believe in me you will decapitate probably some casual
Christians I think that use the internet to date like sure like you know
like a kid like a nice like you're like yeah I don't have to be a fundamentalist
they're not snakes wrapped around their neck most Christians are in the end of
decapitation it is an awesome terrifying God the Old Testament God though I
just gotten a weird conversation about that with Aaron because I was we were
talking about my my Hebrew name Daniel and how I like that story in the Bible
and the Old Testament God and I was kind of talking about how I like that God and
she was kind of she's a pastor's daughter so she kind of like I don't know
she did she had a differently she wasn't have an objective I was I was I was
somehow offending her an accident I didn't mean to I was just being Joseph
Cambly about it like what what offense did she take I don't know we were
probably both drunk and she surely not I think that I think that she took it to
mean somehow that I that I had a that I that I preferred it to the New Testament
God I don't know or that God isn't it well I mean meaning that he had a new
attitude I think I think that part of the appeal of modern Christianity is that
some of the barbarism and misogyny and things that were that the Old
Testament steeped in it have been somehow can be somehow opted out yet by
way of the Terminator 2 like like movie you know okay well you've heard it this
way but now it's like this which is a huge value add to the sequel I love the
New Testament I like reading it and I sometimes like it's a good thing to read
when you're meditating or something you'll find a little verse but you
really do have to wade through like you have to have a big filter to read any
part of the New Testament because it's pretty dense it's not just that it's
dense it's just always it always ends in like there's I was just reading this
verse in it which is like Christ is sending the disciples out into the
world to to spread the message and he says to them you know when go into a
town and if they accept you you know give them your blessing and if they
don't accept you at the gates of the town shake the dust from your feet and
say to them your town is fucked you're so cursed yeah like it's a crater your
town is gonna be a crater now so yeah yeah go around go around and check up on
them and then if as you're leaving you don't like it give them the yeah it
means like do you're going to get blown up and like I was listening to I like
listening to Christian radio it's really fun to listen to Christian radio and
highly recommend listening to Christian music and pretending that you're Jesus
and that the songs
what the fuck how did those wires get crushed no I was very clear about because
you will realize how creeped out Jesus would be by Christians if you listen to
the way they sing to him I said love each other and they killed me why use
what what is this song about yeah well this I mean this is the this is the
problem that I have I that I that I sometimes run into because I'm a I'm a
respected person among people who are very intelligent they like their science
fiction is their personalities that don't typically come with rosary beads
attached to them and modern Christianity is is you know it's what what
modern American Christianity what is that that's not connected at all to to the
value of this mythology which is that there was this guy who was kind of
awesome he's a heroic figure he really you know it's like we love Martin Luther
King Jr. like like like Jesus was like kind of kind of did a lot of that kind
of shit like sacrifice himself because he believed in people being nice to each
other and as far as the myth goes it's like it's very empowering the idea of
that that that you can be this is Christmas time Christ mess like the
Christ Christ word means half man half God right like this is a the idea that
of Christ is supposed to be the idea I thought that we can all do this we can
all we all have it within us to wield the power of these old Babylonian
Sumerian kind of Mesopotamian like like bogeymen like who make the thunder
crack and who make the cancer bloom and who make the cows die overnight like
all that cosmic chaos that we used to just chalk up to fuck my luck or some
weird superstition we can start to embody that power take control of it and
and because as we're doing that we have a responsibility to each other to value
human life and stuff so is that like like like that that what does that have
to do with Billy Graham yeah nothing that's why that's why the Gnostics say
that or I've read that the Gnostics say that in Graham Hancock who's this really
amazing like far out historians like believes that like humans have been
here much longer and he up he was telling me that you the Gnostics believe
that so Satan the first thing Satan is gonna do is convince everyone that he
is God or that he is Jesus that's the move you convince people that you're
you're the Lord of Love and that's the person that George Bush worshipped is
actually Satan that modern Christianity is actually Satanism because only it's
only Satan would tell a president you should drop bombs no no no lord of
love would say that like Jesus is all love Jesus represents love like love at
all costs love no matter what love everyone and forget about yourself you
lose yourself completely in love and that's the that's what I think Christianity
is but somehow it gets diverted and they say this is because of the that Roman
emperor who recognized that Christianity was spreading and wanted to make it a
state religion and that's why I had they had that gathering of people they're
like okay this love thing's great but we still need to decapitate and murder
people and set things on fire so what just set up all these like weird rules
like a country club like about the Trinity and what pants you can wear and
yeah it's all ridiculous I mean but and and by the way so is so is any like
organized sect of Taoism Buddhism like if you if you if you let the bread out
long enough like all you got you come back ten minutes later and the biggest
dickhead in the room is in charge like the guy who says like let's all let's
all do it this way and let's all do it that way go fuck yourself like religion
is supposed to be a personal tie between an individual or the unknown the very
concept of organized religion is incredibly problematic now I'm not
saying let's do away with organizing spiritual conversations organizing
spirit religion at all but what I am saying is that that's it's just like
that's not religion things that you're talking to other people about are not
your your your relationship with the unknown Jesus said that by the way I
mean he said a lot of shit but but he talked about how basically prayers that
you do in front of other people are they're they're fine and good but
they're not they don't really count yeah don't pray on the street corners like
the whoever they are do I can't remember you should be in a closet somewhere
like like like meditating about this like like like like like really atoning
with this thing that can fuck you up you know that book the sacred mushroom in
the cross by John Marcus Allegro have you ever heard of that like it I I have a
quote on the dust jacket got devil in the baked beans is boom by whatever you
just said that's the devil in the baked beans was a second but I'm largely
responsible for that books tremendous sales
it is theory is that Christianity what started as a mushroom cult and he has
all these amazing pictures of what do you what do you mean by mushroom cult a
mushroom cult where the early that Jesus was a mushroom and that the whole thing
was like talking about the information they were getting was coming from eating
mushrooms like the God sacrifice was imbibing mushrooms and the communion was
actually mushrooms which is why I went like the instruction for communion is
before you take communion you should forgive your enemies you have to make
sure that you've forgiven everyone because it's if you're gonna go on a
mushroom trip and you go there in a bad headspace it'll be terrible so the whole
thing is like a veiled mushroom cult and there's awesome pictures of like in
these early Christian churches of Adam and Eve and they're standing
underneath clearly a mushroom like they're standing next to there's all
these pictures of mushrooms and it's like this is a what's that the tree of
the knowledge of good and evil was actually a mushroom and that's Terence
McKenna's idea which is like the stoned ape theory that like proto hominids took
mushrooms and that's what caused this massive expansion of the neocortex way
back when is because mushrooms grow on the shit of bovine animals which is what
our early proto hominids would have been hunting and since we're omnivores we
would have been eating the mushrooms I could believe that because there's a
shared experience on mushrooms like Sylas Simon has a sort of set of almost
inarticulable but by now we've figured out that it's shared the the type of
consciousness shift that you have on mushrooms it always happens sometimes you
have a bad trip sometimes you think your friend is a Dracula yeah sometimes you
come to Harmontown wearing underwear and a Santa hat
oh that's that's the Russian equivalent of home
that's it but but but but that because it really is like this weird like people
talk about you know like straight lace people who would never like who
associate drugs with criminality and but who for one reason or another ended
up taking this Sylas Simon thing they they report the same experience as a
groovy dude they have the same sort of weird momentary realization about
perspective yeah and an uplifting one not one that makes you feel like a
meaningless speck in an infinite universe but one that makes you feel like
you're connected to all things yeah and imagine doing that instead of doing it at
a party or in your apartment imagine being in some early ancient Christian
church with incense burning and people saying these weird chants and you're
eating the mushrooms with the intention of connecting with the Godhead that would
be a very intense trip but you know it would and it'd be it'd be amazing which
is why sometimes I think of modern Christianity as people who only like
it's like people who have stacked wood and they're putting their hands in front
of the wood and pretending there's a fire there but they haven't lit the wood
on fire and the psychedelic is what ignites the fire and that's what really
creates the true feeling of the presence of God by the way you know the
whole thing about Christmas of course and Santa Claus is actually a
representation of the Amanita Muscaria mushroom have you ever heard that no
yeah man totally like everybody everybody right now reach under your
seats you'll find a mushroom yeah no 45 minutes it's just gonna get wow there's
a lot of stuff on the internet about it Google search it but the color of the
Amanita Muscaria mushroom is red and white which is exactly the color that
Santa Claus wears but that was a later-day thing that he was originally
not red and white that was a very later-day 50s 40s Coca-Cola thing like
that would he was green and white up until very recently well sometimes the
Amanita Muscaria is a green and white yeah all right whatever fits into my
mushroom story asshole you know one thing that academic I love the angle
though that like what if we just did prove that Santa and Jesus was just all
about mushrooms yeah I don't think it's that big a leap I mean I really don't
it's yeah well yeah well also also they they say that the druids would hang
these mushrooms to dry on pine trees and that that's that that's the whole like
hey like hanging shit on trees actually comes from drying these mushrooms out to
do this like a psychedelic ritual and I'll shut up about mushrooms but there's
one more point I want to make which is that the druids would drink each other's
piss because if you eat mushrooms this silo-sibon still stays in the urine and
so just couldn't get enough they couldn't get enough yeah or they drink
their own piss to like start tripping again which you can do and they just
actually leave out a plate and glass of piss
you know one thing one thing that I though when I went through like a like
a heavy-duty kind of like I think getting more into Jesus mythology because of
Campbell and stuff like that so I started I watched Jesus Christ Superstar
again and was like this is this is really cool and and started while I watched
some documentaries and stuff and Campbell so compelled you by the myth of
Jesus Christ that you went right out and rented Jesus Christ Superstar they did
and that's a that's a catchy one man I took Aaron to see that New York she was
blown away she'd only ever seen God spell man Jesus Christ that will convert
you can eat God spells like for breakfast yeah all right so one more
thing and then we'll get off of Jesus cuz I just got off of him an hour ago you
know what I'm saying
Justin can we can we edit in lightning and thunder or sleigh bells I thought
one of the bit but there's biblical historians you know they're kind of
lying between academics and you know you know the people that are sort of
researching the actual historical person Jesus there's some of them believe
that the reason for his personality his character his message that he brought
was that as a as a youngster growing up he was an apprentice to his dad who
probably would have been a stone mason on a carpenter and I don't know did he
grow up in Jerusalem or was it where it was ever so wherever he was like
spending his his younger years when when you kind of like don't I think wasn't
he was yeah thank you sir but but is he Jesus who hung out in Nazareth though he
was 38 or is he Jesus who was born in Nazareth and like he was he was he was
born in Long Beach yeah and then he lived in that anyways when he was
apprenticing for his dad he would have been in this tremendous port city being
a stone mason would have been exposed if he was going if he was working in
imports and exports as a stone mason might in that city like like kind of
been exposed to a lot of Eastern philosophy coming coming in off of those
those same docs I don't know talking out of my butt but I always thought that
was interesting it's the least wonderful time I don't know my wish from
Russian Santa that's you're really warm you're really warm I'm not gonna touch
you anymore you're really warm all right what what what topic do you have
ownership over this evening what is it that we said that made you entitled to
look religion the idea that the majority of religion how much of religion did you
attribute to mushrooms at least all of it or just the big one that the other
ones I didn't I didn't attribute to I was I was citing a book that isn't a
Ted talk or a Senate hearing like nothing's nothing's gonna happen if you
don't do anything the worst-case scenario is a good show that's it if you
just listen no there's no nothing no nobody's gonna kick in your door
tomorrow night and like go you didn't say anything when Duncan trust also the
mushrooms were religion they came for Duncan trust when I did nothing and then
they came for the stone masons and I did nothing and then they kicked in my
door don't bring the Holocaust into this I was gonna bring in the expulsion that
happened 400 years ago in Prague but what ifs so religion is a really
important personal force I believe that a lot of what our spiritual journeys do
take place internally but the idea that the representation of religion is
something that people go together to ignore God and just to worship a fire
that isn't there just seems problematic as someone who's had a lot of his
religious I played the fuck out of Linus when I was in Charlie Brown I did
not puke on my director when I was in Charlie I was gonna end my speech by
singing Mary we wish you a merry Christmas but alright as someone who's
had a lot of wonderful experiences being around people around the Christmas
tree spending holidays letting them in or doing things like that when you see
religion as something that doesn't connect you one way to God but you to
God to everyone else that you're willing to spend time with religion can be a
wonderful social leveler it can be a reason to get out of your house it can
be a reason to visit the invalid and charity and especially Christian
charity is not something that is easy it is something that we choose to do
because of what we believe to help people out who are less fortunate who
are more Goldbergian than Harmonian let's say in our society I'm not you're
booing me and you prove my point but the losers of people trip over the words the
people who have the only tie that we have to them in our society is that they
had they have their names written in the same type of book in the beginning of
pages where you keep the family history the same scroll the same commandments
Crucify him! He's here to save Christmas you guys. Adam Goldberg came on stage to us.
And it's the reason that we go we go away to the cold and the snow when we
rather be playing Xbox and we sing we wish you a merry Christmas we wish you
a merry Christmas we wish you a merry Christmas and a happy new year thank you
Adam Goldberg! Adam Goldberg everybody. What's your mind, reindeer?
He wants to know where his reindeer are. Something about his reindeer.
Duncan, Anatoly can we can we talk a little bit about this because I have
some opinions about this song. In my estimation the shittiest Christmas song
ever ever perpetrated on mankind. This is a bad one. I've even heard that Paul
McCartney is ashamed of himself for this. Not so ashamed that he's had it
stricken from the record. I'm proud of you because every year Jeff and I have a
tradition we try to make it as far as we can without hearing this song. Also I
don't like but I heard it with my fucking Uber on the way over here.
Duncan what is this song? Before we get to it there's another song Jingle Bell Rock
the line giddy up jingle horse makes me want to take my own life. Don't fucking
say giddy up jingle horse. Jingle horse isn't a fucking thing it's not an icon
but it's not an iconic Christmas thing. Jingle horse. Go fuck everybody that
ever sang it and wrote it. More importantly can we all just go
go after this Harmontown and find Paul McCartney wherever he is and sing this on
his doorstep for 72 hours and make him because I walked into a shop when he
asked us to go away we say why I was good enough for us I was yeah wasn't it
when you wrote this song when you when you wrote down a cocktail napkin on the
way to the studio the first Christmas Carol I heard because it was it was
August you know I went to see a movie and they started the Christmas carols
early of course and the first one I heard I walked in and Duncan treat
yourself to these rich majestic mythic literally like in the lyrics like he
says fuck it like almost almost like it you know fucking I fuck who gives a
shit fuck it simply having cold out there's lights I don't know simply
ignoring the rules of show don't tell me the Christmas tree is great
simply simply yeah how about make it a little more complex I met a guy he was
had a moustache okay which feeling okay now what this is because there is a
dark moment in the song it was it was it was it was it was composed by a kid
shopping at Sears pressing demo buttons no you know it's I'm surprised green
sleeves isn't in there somewhere on accident it sounds like what they
blast to people in Guantanamo Bay this is how we got Noriega with this fucking
song
minor key for no reason if you go to a minor key if you go to a minor key he
fucking wrote yesterday in blackbird and shit he's Paul McCartney he's a song
writer he wrote some goodies he also wrote fucking Maxwell Silverhammer which
can go fuck itself but he was in a band with fucking John Lennon and George
and George Harrison he could have he could have fucking stepped it up a
couple times somebody needs to play that song backwards is anyone done that yeah
yeah you get tomorrow never knows it's fucking about somebody that I know said
that they were on on a set with Ringo Starr and and they were like the crew was
like yeah we got Ringo Starr my favorite Beatles you know George Harrison my
favorite Beatles John Lennon and someone's like you know Paul McCartney
like a fucking guy like he wrote you know he wrote a lot of bullshit songs
yeah I guess he wrote a couple good ones but like mostly like you fucking like
he had to he wrote this one on that one and and Ringo you know who had every
reason to not like Paul walked up because oh so you're you're taking the
shit out of me out of our poly he goes he wrote a couple good ones too like
like like like whatever shit you talk about Paul McCartney you have to feel he
did fucking write a lot of fucking goodies now in high relief to the fucking
beautiful artwork that he made this happens
that's what they're kids if you're gonna go to a minor key it has to go to a
dark place mythologically you have to say but it wasn't as we but can you back
it up because I want everyone to hear the entire what the choir of children
sing this is because there's three parts to it simply
nothing simple
children sing this song here's their song
the kids are as fucked up as McCartney like that I don't know he throws it to
them and they're like we'll take your word for it
the word is out the word is out the party is down
okay I've always given up on the song long before that happened we're usually
deep in conversation but I think he said he wants to lift a glass he doesn't
know how
don't look are we Santa no no now we're down the rabbit hole now I want my
it was just plans for D-day or something no one had ever heard it yes my
assaults a security number the cure for cancer mix of two-part songs take it kids
oh wait yeah and that's enough that's it like I say like it's all it's your
plan throw some fucking man for Christmas yeah simply fulfilling a record
label contractual agreement
fuck him now Dan and now it was maybe two Christmases ago was the last year
was the last Christmas three three because it was the first time I kissed
Aaron I remember the night you're talking about because I know the next song
you want to play because I love as I think I don't know I just turned 40 I
grew up on the the peanuts Christmas specials and brilliantly they chose
Vince Garaldi trio to do all that music and it's like you don't have to like
jazz to love Vince Garaldi trio and and if you don't like jazz listen to Vince
Garaldi trio and then at least dig him and and and the boys and the music in
the the peanut specials is really melancholy like it's really sad it's
kind of blow your brains out darkness to it but it's also for me the
Christmas like from like I have really fond Christmas memories I grew up in a
nice small family and then everybody got along more or less and and Christmas was
always fun but the music is sad yeah Charles Schultz had to fight for the
darkness and the peanuts specials but we and what a good fight because the whole
point of it is it is solstice it's that like everything it's quiet and you put
up an evergreen tree to convince yourself that the sun will come out tomorrow
there's an automatic bubblegum flavor to Christmas that yeah I think it's it's
like fun to overcome and counter with the natural like kind of stillness and
darkness because I love I'll be home for Christmas because I believe and I'm
sure that somebody will prove me wrong on this one but as far as I know I'll be
home for Christmas was came out during World War two and it's whether it came
up before that that was a big hit for the troops because the idea that I'll be
home if only in my dreams and families heard that song and it's really dark and
it's the idea that like please have snow mistletoe and they bury the lead at the
end like I won't be home for Christmas I might be in Italy I might be in in the
Ardennes I might be I'm not be cannon the Kaiser well that's the world war one
okay I might be Rosie Rivendin but like like and what's the one you like Dan you
have your favorite I like that one which is the one that says through the years
we all will be together if the fates allow so it's that's it's a it's a
similar thought but it doesn't tie you to military service like it's we are all
in the military because we're all at war with an uncompromising fucking
sometimes unpredictable jealous crazy God that like creates ice ages and and
freezes your crops and and and and and plays roller coaster with the infant
mortality rate and and and and has viruses and good grasshoppers eat your
face the the this this time of atonement with that in personal cosmic force you
know yeah going like like we're all we're all in that military service at
going like I'll maybe I'll be you know make Christmas wait it's it's it's the
highest suicide rate of the year we all know that like is that true or is that
just an urban myth that's from gremlins I mean that it is that's from
gremlins Adam damn it Adam Adam go to bed
what's your take on Adam Duncan like you even I gotta say man I thought it was
very sweet what he did when he came up here but what was he doing I don't even
know what he's doing I don't know if he was like a man about religion or he came
up he came up to defend the the the god in Christmas yeah what's he doing that
for what am I doing what was it what you don't you don't just hang out with him
in a hammock like God is it God isn't Superman he doesn't save us from train
crashes well that causes them to that's why you need that's why in Hinduism you
need a Shiva to make sense of the whole thing like in Christianity things get
really weird because you have this apparently all talk about I want to talk
about Adam Goldberg and what a dick he is because he only just wanted to come
on stage in order to come on stage he needed a point and his point needed to
be contrary to something else but it wasn't like it doesn't because on any
other given day Adam would be coming up here reminding us that we should be
skeptical of the Christian God because people got burnt at the stake and got
leeches put on him you know that Adam's heart is three sizes too small he just I
mean it like like at least don't don't don't lose the don't lose the moment like
a few if the if the stage is a big pink box with a red ribbon on it fucking
open it up and thank us for it like like let us get some pictures of you and
you and I agree with you I think that was that as motivation I think so Adam
but also I think you did come up with the idea that you were trying to defend
strangely Christmas but also I mean nobody up here was really trying to
defame Christmas I don't think I'm trying to bring that shit back
Dan you want to bring it back I'm saving Christmas up here can we can we bring
it back with all song that we are good at first like because again like I said
yeah we love the Vince Grawley trio so you all know this I'll play the vocal
version first so we all know this is the hardest we've ever laughed in our lives
so let's just dig the original version first okay so we can hear the kids from
peanuts sing it fuck you Paul McCartney this is a fucking good song
a really really happy beautiful lyrics set against the most minor dark beautiful
melancholic music of all time so what was the setup that we were just sitting
around and I was in a good mood because I kind of had a crush on this on this
girl that was starting to hang around right and so I played the the instrumental
version so let's see if we can pull this off I think I started this and then we
did this for the next 30 minutes and we laughed for a three hour
because we were giggling because you were singing Dixon balls and beer to the
song and then it was kind of giggling and just drunk and it was late and and then
it was it was 3 p.m. well yeah compared to whenever we were we woke up the
fire is warm the perfect storm that's when I lost it balls and beer are the
perfect storm a Christmas time
like some tactician is looking at that on a piece of paper my god get out of
here there's gonna be dick's balls and beer at that party perfect store it's
fucking Christmas weird thing for children to sing it's weirder than
dick's balls and beer for children to be talking about the perfect storm you can't
you can't tell if the song is in favor of it or just a dire production some shit's
going to go down tonight
I was like one of the few the second third fourth times I met Erin and she
she came in the door and I was like I'm streaked with tears right now
listeners and we were in there and we were absolutely apoplectic we've been
doing this for an hour we kept doing it and there was many verses to it and
god damn it and she came in and we're like well it's a long story I went on a
little walk with her that night and I remember the tree that we stopped by
outside Dino's place and I kissed her for the first time but we didn't start
making out or anything it was still I was I I leaned in and I kissed her and
it was like I don't think I've ever had this experience where I just like she
just accepted the kiss but nothing else happens and it was just sort of like
little house in the prairie kind of like oh the courtship continues weird like we
yeah you know a kiss usually like evolves into something but she was not
she was not ready but was not rebuffing and so it just we just continued to like
we had a little barrel hoop that we ran with a stick made her a crown out of
daisies or something I went went went to read the Bible to my blind grandpa and
then I fucked her deep
and she found it all right let's have a special Christmas meeting with the real
the actual father of winter the embodiment of the solstice the the Nordic
traveling cold cold cold immune shorts in Times Square in January wearing
Spencer Crittenden hey hey hey guys you love the cold yeah yeah what's up what
was that Paul McCartney song what was it simply having a wonderful Christmas time
I take my word for it you could change one word of that song and it'd be any
holiday yeah yeah or it's or a day of the week or simply having a wonderful
turkey sandwich yeah son is up the mood is right yeah the mayo's white
rhymes with white the mood can be right for a turkey sandwich like it's it's
just anything yeah back massage a wonderful back massage you like in the
have yourself a little Christmas the idea that if through the years we all be
together if the fates allow that's a good lyric yeah like there's what is there
more to that song which I kind of like I change when I get up here get a mic this
is too good if you like ladies and gentlemen Sean Connery
thank you so the original version of that song as it was written by whoever
Sammy Conner whoever wrote it out here through the years we all be together if
the fates allow until then we'll have to muddle through somehow mmm you know
melancholy oh and they change it to hang a shining star up on the high as well
that's a non-secret in your version so yeah wow yeah the hang a shining star
makes no sense no it's a non-secret I'd be curious to know because I thought maybe
Sammy Conner one of those one of those great like yeah yeah but like what year
it would be if that were a depression error or something like that because or
probably later than that 40s 40s yeah so but and I don't know exactly when that
change happened I do know that I mean it's but it might be the coolest thing
in the world but it's hard to imagine singing that that original lyric in the
way that traditionally you do because if that's that's the point where you
really swell hang a shining star you go crazy you go for it and bring it home
well the but the Ella Fitzgerald version she does she nails out she does it
really that's the original version of it I don't know if it's the original but
she does a version of it it's but she does the muddle through one or the yeah
she does the muddle through yes I've heard that but I think Sinatra does it
well yeah I think that's I don't think I have it on here I got a lot of the old stuff that's that's a goodie yeah
all right what's your name young man damn Dan Dan Christmas memory which can
you lay one on us or what about a Christmas wish yeah start granting some
Christmas wishes Christmas memory and fuck you there goes your wish well
there could be some wish fulfillment now my family our tradition my oldest
brother early he wanted for Christmas more than anything else Nat King Cole's
Christmas is for children and that was our family tradition we would decorate
the tree with that just playing yeah and it's like oh we had it yeah 28 minute
long tape yeah but you know we play it probably four or five times hmm so do
you have any I have tons of that King Cole I don't know if it's off that
record though let's see oh that would be your Christmas wish to hear a little
bit well today you know that's good I hear it around your town do you want to
upbeat or some of the sad like like really like Christmasy stuff like like
the he has a religious cat kids yeah he does like you know I got it I do have it
hang on
everybody all I want for Christmas is my two front teeth take a damn my two
front teeth my two front teeth my two front teeth that I wish Merry Christmas
it seems so long since I could say sister says he's sitting on a vessel
show gee how happy I'd be if I could only whistle all I want for Christmas is
my two front teeth my two front teeth my two front teeth if I could only have my
two front teeth that I could wish you Merry Christmas Dan everybody
without any effort we're doing a Christmas show yeah I'm see yeah like
that gladness night the pimps are about to come out at some point that's what I
love about this time of year it's effortless it's supported by an entire
species history of this time of year being special I don't have to lecture
you guys about it I certainly don't need to be attacked by Adam Goldberg about it
I was I was I was really I was being the hero up here he tried to act like he was
slaying Darth Vader I resent it I resent him are you trying to tee up a
Christmas miracle right now Adam to come down from the he got up and I hope
he would just went to the bathroom I hope we don't hear a single Christmas
gunshot Christmas gunshot that's my favorite
jingle bang jingle by that's the New York New York coast I'd line
jingle bell clock I honestly felt my life was being correct I got physical I
had an adrenaline rush when a skunk comes out I felt it in my my my third eye
like before I I even saw it was the motion combined with Rob Schrab going no
no no yeah because that's that's I'm sure that's what Rob will sound like if
someone shoots me yeah that's what right that's what it looks like that is what
it looks like it's like a quick shadowy rushing in and that's it your hands
are gone man just a scuttling sound a distant shriek and let BuzzFeed's 25
reasons Dan Harmon was interesting yeah be the last you ever hear of that was
fast that was fast that was like like new zombie you speed like I was driving
through an intersection with Schrab once we were like on Highland and Melrose I
think and and this fucking SUV I looked up and there was an SUV coming full
speed that did not say I think we were we were going straight and the SUV was
making a left turn we had the but and so and so you know like he was we were
going straight we had the right of way and this SUV just decided to continue
its left turn and and so just we're in the middle of a conversation about Gary
Shandling or something and and then we were going to die yeah because we were
going 35 45 miles an hour and and and he so was he and somehow Schrab just went
just cranked the wheel all the way and the end result was just somehow I swear
like molecules of the paint on the gun the respective cars must have must have
rushed up against each other like but nothing other than it happened it was
just like that it was just profound because that that's oh that's what it
feels like to die except for the very end part yeah which is you dying like
that's that's what you see when when in this life is taken away from you it's
nothing just garbage just nothing just an Adam Goldberg darting out of the
shadows you won't be you won't you know I won't I won't have time to fix my
posture I won't my I'll have hair in my shoulders I'll be sitting next to a
kind as underwear nothing will be ceremonious about it and on top of that
I won't even be that cool and dramatic only Kennedys get to die that way like
most of us you know you get a fucking cancer in your nut one day it could it
could have taken you you could have gone out like that Charles Schultz get
cancer in his butt yeah but cancer the cancer you get time to say goodbye to
everybody when you get a Goldberg that's you don't get to say goodbye it's just
Adam Adam Rush the stage or my mate of the scene of platoon where the sapper
comes in he's runs into the end of the 10th everything goes up like that
like that's that's all you get yeah that's all you got Adam please don't kill
us oh thank you we have your word we got a we got a we got a year-long renew that's
what that sounded like it's like through the years we'll all be together if the
fates allow Spencer what's your take on Christmas are you a sentimental guy
around the holidays I mean I like the idea of it but I'm more of a grump
around the holidays it's about unfulfilled expectations for me so yeah
but you get to do that that's fun well I get to well no because people are like
well Christmas has never been the same ever since my dad lost his leg it's
like yeah my parents got me a hello kitty digital camera one time I know you
feel what did they really yeah yeah it was that was yeah it would have been
better if it was a digital camera that was like worth half a crap but if it's
something you get for like $15 like the novelty value isn't even worth the
utility you know it's not even a joke was that the beginning of the end of
your like if your dashed hopes around the holiday no that was the the lash on the
dead horse like I was like okay fuck it I'm gonna make my own happiness which I
should have carried on the rest of my life because I only do that for
Christmas is making my only happiness apparently how do you do that now I just
get myself the stuff I want and I tell everybody else to go fuck themselves
make that into a Christmas song man Spencer is mad the beard is long he
bought some gifts so sing a lot there you go see it's not fucking hard Paul
McCartney sir sir Paul McCartney I don't respect you be able to take your
fucking nighthood away for that fucking song there's you should at least make
you fight a dragon if that's gonna be cuz you didn't get knighted for your
ability to protect the king yeah you got knighted for making for recording
yesterday so now that you recorded that Christmas song fight a dragon we'll call
it even well I don't think you should be I like what you're saying because I
think people get all victimy around the holidays and they pretend they don't
have control over what's going on but you can it's it's so fun just to oh I'll
tell you my Christmas memory Christmas Day I'm driving I'm I'm by myself and
I'm driving Christmas morning down I'm in West Hollywood driving the streets are
empty it's so fun to drive in Christmas the streets are empty I'm driving a
some kind of like you guys are not probably not gonna believe me and
sometimes I still think was it a hallucination but crossing the street was
a giant mushroom even even we're even weirder even weirder crossing the street
was like a little you know a little buggy with a goat pulling it and a little
person riding in the buggy I still wonder did I dream it was it but I saw it I
saw it quickly went across the street crossing at the crosswalk it was no it
wasn't a crosswalk it was just I was like coming down from Fairfax I don't
know where it was a boat and a little person it was a goat pulling a little
buggy with a little person in it was he was the little person doing this
voluntarily was the guy was the little person who was clearly set about this
arrangement no no there was paint the picture was it was it was a little
person like did he have reins it was he like it was fucking sinister man it was
like a merging of dimensions or something like this what sort of goat
those big those big goats or a little little mini-goats it was enough of a
goat to pull a buggy with a dwarf in it but but also to find buggy because
that's the other thing like a little it almost looked like a baby carriage it
was very gothy man it looked like a goth look baby carriage it was creepy now I
now I'm saying this and I feel like am I lying did this really happen I want to
live in a world where this did happen David Lynch now okay were they
crossing were they crossing the street from sidewalk to sidewalk are they
going down the street crossing crossing and did it look like they were going
with purpose or did it what was the look on the little person's face yes the
look into the carrot stand for sure the goat look tired no the look was like you
know like when you would see a squirrel that's trying to get from tree to tree
right it was like that kind of fervent and it knows it's not supposed to get
seen are you describing are you describing are you describing the goat
with a little person right now but every part of them so they were a team they
were a team yes they were together this was a duo yeah this wasn't this wasn't a
goat take making away with a little person this is this was the guy wasn't
kidnapping a little person this is a goat driven little person found
himself in this situation where they're like this no one's gonna believe this
and how do I get out of this because no matter how much I wave my arms people
keep waving back and I got I have 300 truth is I found my way into this buggy
this goat toad buggy and now it looks like I'm supposed to be in it have you
ever I can't get out and was that was the little person dressed up as Santa
Claus or or anything elf little person was wearing black black and this is
Christmas what day Christmas morning and I thought this is some kind of like
satanic art experiment where they know that only lonely people are driving
around on Christmas morning and if he goes by in his carriage it'll freak him
out permanently now and did you did you just drive past and say what the hell
I did I think I would have pursued them I was so depressed that day that I was
just like of course yeah boy doesn't that sum it all up
talk about talk about dashed expectations cheese Louise for who you
the goat for everybody no no I think the goat answered a craigslist ad was like
this is not I'd like to think that that was just like the world's most funny
little person just like I'm gonna make everybody's day really complicated my
friend Billford on Fairfax one day on New Year's Day like at noon so everyone's
getting ready to work whatever party they're gonna go to and he's walking up
Fairfax like kind of around Cantor's and Damiano's pizza and he's going up the
street and he sees about two blocks up coming down like from where Fairfax high
would be as a guy maybe homeless maybe not like down on his luck for sure but
like you know not not not not working definitely renting yeah that not not
wearing a Sunday best but kind of a kind of a rag raggedy ragamuffin dude
coming coming at him at a full sprint from about two blocks away and Fred's a
big guy he's like 6 4 6 5 and like he can handle himself but there's a guy
coming down the road at a full clip and like full steam ahead out of and there's
no one else on the sidewalk and Fred's kind of bracing himself and the guy
runs up to him and grabs him by the shoulders he goes happy new year man only
four more to go it was not 1996 or 1998 it was it didn't round up to end like
like my and not 98 but I didn't round up to my own calendars or the end of the
millennium that's like page 23 of a Paul Rudd movie that's how he finds out
yeah but then the guy just got dispensed that happy information only for
when he's happy like we're gonna we're gonna make it and then rent and they
just kept going I had a friend that used to run on the streets he would take a
shirt off like when he'd be in foreign towns and he would take a shirt off and
just run and he just just go charging and he was a giant dude as well and he
would charge down the street and he'd grab somebody go what day is today what
day is it they got what they wouldn't do it today what day is it the Wednesday
well no no no no the date man the date they got it's June 11th of the year the
year 1998 it worked and then he just run down the street yelling at work in
his underwear it seems like that's a lot of energy to put into a show for one
person I don't know where where the payoff happens there speaking of payoff
let's thank Anna totally for being our Russian Santa Claus this evening but we
need that we need the chair now we gotta we gotta send you back into the front
room where you can prop your uggs up on the stage like you know like this is your home
you can't just throw jingle bells on that piece of shit fucking synthesizer and
call it a Christmas song I want to punch everybody
no it seems like a like a song that yeah like you you would you would write
and play to make your mom say stop it Spencer do you have a favorite Christmas
tune holiday song no I mean they're no they're all terrible the concept of
favorite is not logical why would I choose something over another thing it
doesn't make sense well they're all just terrible I mean no way man good king
winces loss that's a good one what come on man you love it you love once the
slas oh fuck it vaguely you gotta get your winces loss on winces loss I don't
get it everyone's having a beverage moment Spencer what are you gonna tell
your kids about Santa Claus how are you gonna handle that I always wonder about
that's pretty optimistic thinking of you okay come on you're nothing if not
fecund then I am nothing there was a TV special when David Bowie and
Crosby fucking got it together big Crosby is being very good about it because he's like what is the what is this like the guy he's so weird but
being Crosby is just like I'm playing ball and this is a goodie you don't know if
you know I everyone knows it we're in a podcast so that being goes peace on earth and then he goes weird tenor so good what was that show what was the
special they were on this is from being Crosby Christmas special right Star Wars
Star Wars alright we got we got 13 what is it 23 minutes let's play some
Christmas Dungeons & Dragons let me find a Christmas a Christmas Aaron Aaron
can't be here she's sick at home she doesn't you know what you do we should
we should get a gal on stage because it's been very male I was gonna bring up
Rob Schrab well same difference Rob Schrab to the stage
what's up yeah just because it's Christmas and no it's Christmas it's a
special show I just wanted to end the year you know hello I heard you out there
I almost got killed by an SUV with you once I was driving with one arm too like
I was just I did I think I just went yeah like that I just what I think it was
just totally like I was driving and you know you know that if we were on
Melrose passing Highland you know that that means like there's a statistical
95% chance that we were going to some shitty ass bitch meeting like like it
was a night wasn't it I thought no I was broke it was broad daylight okay all
right I look like like there's a good chance we weren't on our way to make
entertainment history right like we were going to hear if I can somebody tell
us we got the rights to an article about this guy who turned a slinky into a
car and we would have died we could have been meeting John Lovitz to go meet Bob
Greenblatt to pitch his sitcom for HBO Schraub Christmas get a wish give a wish
for this Christmas um well I'm gonna miss you guys you guys are going to
Scotland where are you gonna be you're going somewhere else I don't go to San
Francisco to to to hang out with the homeland yes to hang out with Kate's
sister and her husband he smirked because he thought I was gonna do some
gay joke I did that for you because we're so old that it's like the world
doesn't even respect that anymore I don't know each other 25 years or something
I was within the realm of possibility you never know with me all right that's
not really a wish though I hope you guys are safe on your wish that all the
snow could be balls all right Spencer I've looked at my Christmas playlist and
I've tried to find the the most spooky Christmas song I have to give you the
intro music that's good are you ready yeah sure let's play some D&D sorry I'm
here I can help dungeon master quark what do you want to roll the dice I could
do that Rob you'll be Mulraine Sedona that's Aaron's character Duncan will be
will be Chris de Burgh Chris de Burgh male's character that shit and is he still
messed up from that last time character sheets are dispensed Spencer spooky
Christmas yeah I don't have glasses spooky Christmas it doesn't matter Rob it
oh yeah this is great the dice are rolled the dais cast yeah last time on
Harmontown should I do it like spooky Christmas no no I can you can you
structure it like Paul's lyrics is Sharpie remembered for the third time
that he had a hawk he talked to Mitch Hurwitz I had a good time I guess I can't
I guess I can't after pulling off dark Admiral Darkstars darkhead our heroes
were now attacking his metallic golem is Sharpie attacked from the inside on
what he could swear was a heart Mulraine attempted to melt the metal monster
steel skin with their blazing armor after their individual attempts failed the
heroes outside the golem began attacking the head and unison sawing and
cleaving at its neck in true decapitated fashion meanwhile Sharpie and
Avenger cracked wise and shrunk the glowing red heart node before diving
into two holes that were revealed to be the golems legs down there they spied
glowing stones and Sharpie shrunk one because he was on a roll shrinking
stuff and it caused the golem to shudder and the stones glow to dim it seemed as
if it was just a matter of time until the golem was disassembled that's all so you
guys know what to do now no no no why would they that doesn't matter where my
Quark are located right now you as well as Duncan and Rob you guys are sitting
imagine sitting on the shoulders of this giant robot man are we still saw sawing
his head off yeah you two are sawing at his head with a wire saw and you are
hacking at it with your sword sword how far away through the neck are we right
now you know about a third on each side so there's about a third left how big is
this guy's neck I take I take my I take my mighty great sword pull it back out
and give it one more big slash one more okay he resents your audacity well
you're not Robert Redford in the natural you're gonna spark this scoreboard
Dennis Fredrick the great said Ladas Ladas to your Ladas did he that's audacious
audacious always I did I heard that Robert the okay said that and Robert the
great took that wait what did you credit Robert Robert the amazing Robert the
yeah so yeah like Robert the amazing you swing your sword did he have one
whatever move past its sponsor dealing you're not dealing damage in this case
but you share the final bits of metal off this thing's head its head falls off
and the head is off and that's enough what's in his neck yeah what's in his
neck we look at his neck you see a floating glowing stone it's glowing with
the a topaz I yell down ironically and sarcastically to Sharpie it looks like
it's heart you're down enough to grab that topaz thing I scramble up I mean
what do I perceive what do I know you're in a foot so when the head came off you
could hear the shearing of metal and then like a shaft of light kind of going
into the into the the neck hole there I vomit on the thing you sure do I put my
fingers I hold his hair
you guys are real friends you guys don't understand you guys are not there for
him you're not there for him like I am how does he have to sit in the backseat
are you okay are you all right so is it as much as my character understand maybe
I could I if I were to go toward the light sure but I gotta were you vomiting
into the neck hole yes okay yeah so you look up towards this light and then you
get you get vomit all splattered around you guys get what's happening I don't
know how to explain it any better did Christopher just vomit all over Sharpie
yeah yeah yeah so Christopher can just vomit voluntarily no he showed his
fingers down his mouth yeah all right fingers I don't know no he's the
bulimic well there you go now how does what does it do to the floating thing in
there like how does the vomit interact with the glowing oh you're trying to hit
the glowing yeah I'm trying to see if it's hot well that's wait what just let
him go with this this is actually a really good idea like this the vomit
sizzle okay okay okay the only way to detect temperature I mean it's not the
only it's certainly the most efficient before you answer I start I start peeing
on it but I'm a lady so I have to hike up my skirt or something what do I do
yeah I like your skirt up for you I got my skirt and then I just kind of I I'm
standing on a shoulder and where the head fell I just pee off the shoulder down
toward the head as I just start peeing on this ever seeing any steam coming up
no okay so well you guys the only you guys both missed your peas so did you
roll about our kids I rolled it you rolled a pee check I rolled it it's a
dexterity but yeah but but Christopher however does vomit directly onto the
surface of this crystal it's not all for nothing it doesn't sizzle really it
doesn't sizzle am I emerging from the neck and seeing this thing oh is that
was are you gonna yeah you're clampering up on yeah I'd like to yeah
yeah you clamber up it's a bit tough cuz you're all slick with vomit doesn't make
any sense I'm sorry I don't mean to
I was floating in the middle of this neck hole so he puked into the neck
hole some of it got on this crystal the rest of it spired relative to the
golems body it's essentially floating hovering in mid-neck hole mid-neck
hole yeah yeah is it within reach like it's brain I know how much you hate it
when I try to get well why would the brain be in his neck hole yeah why well
because his head's off now but this thing remains yeah it's floating mid-neck
hole yeah mid-neck hole could be his Adam's apple where is it or down in the
know like right right at the neck collar yeah guys I think it's the carotid
amethyst it's a topaz if I know my golem right so you are you up out out of
the neck yeah I'm up in the neck area you burst forth I'd like to touch this
topaz vomit right that was your question um the whole the this hole is
about a five foot radius so you'd have to stretch like pretty pretty far to
reach that thing I extend him a hand and let him lean out so he can touch the
topaz all right unless I cast I don't have it why don't you just cast teamwork
fine the greatest spell of all
anyway working together you manage to reach out and grasp this this is a power
crystal of some sort you grab it it feels like it's being held in place with
like a magnetic kind of force but as you grab it it kind of goes away like it
won't you know get stuck there how big is this thing like a pretty small like
maybe the size of an eyeball oh he puked on it but it's the size of an eye yeah
that's why it didn't like yeah he only puked on it with a little bit of you the
rest of it was free to splatter a human eyeball right you shrunk it different
different thing not the heart not the heart topaz so this is the gong is the
gong moving still or is it doing while we do this to it I mean this hasn't
taken too long I guess vomiting inducing vomiting is only a few seconds true it's
been a bit momentarily stunned by by the loss of its head you don't it hasn't
started moving since this fuck up those topaz man yeah can we just grab the
topaz and throw it throw it away he grabbed it so you're you've grabbed it
holding on to it is like holding my weight or no no that's the thing oh I
got it yeah you got it I put it back in not to the shoulder area I put it in my
pocket okay that happens you pull each other in and you pocket the thing is the
gong so moving it is so it hasn't moved since being decapitated that's that's
funny over here come on no no nothing nothing are you simply having a
wonderful Christmas time yeah I just think it's fine yeah I I climbed down in
his back like is he wearing clothing of some sort as it was skin or what's what
he's got like metal metal shell wearing a ladder
no well now we know yeah it's a great question I slide down this back and
grab like grab around the waist and just kind of like as a joke kind of look up
it's that kind of dry humping him from behind yeah yeah I get I get out of it
and I so now am I in the the keep the where we fought Admiral Darkstar am I
yep the level right before the level you were yeah this is the level with all
those bodies I guess all the blood buckets yeah I walk over to a window and
I look out of it you do that you can see just like snow and whiteness it's no
yeah can I climb down and push the goal golem over yeah wait wait wait I'm
still up here oh I'm sorry come down let's go down together okay okay you walk
down together I stay on I stay on if I want to be on him when he goes over
because I'm still fucking him you push one ankle I'll push the other so we
push over the golem in unison you push the golems ankles and at first it
begins to creak and then totter a bit maybe and then topple in fact topple
over in a pile of clanging clanging metal happens happens okay I touch the
frosted glass at the window I'm standing in as I look out at the fresh new
fallen snow and I think about family and I think about a little baby born in a
manger I start telling everybody how Christmas comes from mushrooms you make
several cogent points I examine I examine the room for doors other ways of
egress the only way through this door is a large metal hatch in the floor I
examine it it's a large and metal Chris de Burgh you're a rogue you're good at
doors get over here and try to open this thing okay I go over to the door and I
vomit on it I don't know why wait wait wait wait wait see where he's going with
it does it sizzle no I use it's the only way I know I hate to come to your
house man for you don't want me to cook for you man hey don't get the door I
think my grandmother's coming let the dog out okay I'm expecting a package
no no I use what I use my thieving skills to analyze the door to make sure
it's not trapped or to see if they if it's a trap door nice certainly not
trapped although you're not quite sure how it opens there's got to be stuff
you'd say when you were investigating and examining this door it seems like a
classic big heavy metal door it doesn't appear to be trapped as many of the
doors that I've seen before the door is fine everybody let's pull it up grab it
grab that door so we I try to pull the door up you try but you fail it it seems
like it's some sort of sliding rather than a swinging actuating hinge like the
door I slide the door you slide the door and below it you see only lava I
puke on it yeah it's sizzles we you enter the hot lava is it hot yeah yeah
very okay good now we know I told you guys yeah puke sizzles when I'm on
your side so we beat Admiral Darkstar and we beat him we came to his place we
kicked his ass we're done right we're walking around we're looking through
lava doors but the truth is we beat this guy one we you want to celebrate well I
know I'm just saying like like what if we just said to you three weeks later no
they were all found dead I guess we do have to make our way out of this
building fine well it just seems like a little expensive the only way out of
this building is the lava door on the floor are there any lava boats no
there's no lava boats yeah the only other thing is a staircase but it goes
up ways it doesn't go down ways I go up the staircase and check it out I go up
that's that that floor where you saw Admiral Darkstar there's a dark pillar
of black blackened crystal and big hole on the floor where that robot arm came
out yeah so what else are we sure Admiral Darkstar is dead I mean who's sure of
anything man I don't think he's right I don't think he's dead I think this is
only one way to find out
is there a body there's no other no other there's no windows doors in this
room there's just stairs windows yeah there's snow outside yeah well so you
just can we go through the window and and down into the snow you try no no
there isn't is there a servant of the floor land conscious I mean I run over
to a possible unconscious servant tonight rouse him or her wait why do you rouse
wait well you're gonna wake him up right away let's puke on him yeah yeah I
want to I want to go over to one of these windows how far down is it outside it's
several hundred feet how about how much feather I have 150 feet of rope it says
on here yeah so we can use the rope to climb down are we trying to get out of
here that's my instinct so we push I take the servants unconscious body and I
push him out of the window you don't see the servant there's no sir no there is
no servant sir there there certainly was he's gone I mean yeah people move it's
crazy and jump through the window and cast feather fall all right that happens
now I climb down I have a hundred feet of rope and I tie it out to you great
you're the only source of casting feather fall on people and you're the
first one out the door oh I can I can cast on them the guy who builds parachutes
I didn't know I can even cast it on other people
hey yeah okay we're good together Chris de Burgh so Sharpie the rope bring him
back up and let's try this again yeah back to one everybody yeah but I'm why
don't we just go down my rope yeah and and then go down my rope it's several
hundred feet well I've got one hundred and I have a hundred fifty feet we tie
the rope let's just get Sharpie back up here make him build us magic parachutes
well I gotta climb up oh but he's open then your role yeah we don't have enough
rope to even get him back up here well he's feather falling he's not falling
too fast I make a lasso and I throw I throw it down to catch him as he
feather falls are we gonna swing from him falling yeah okay all right you
throw him the rope and you catch the rope if you want to I mean if you don't
it's like fuck it yeah I catch it thank you so we pull him back up because
he's got a cat's feather falling he feels as light as a feather so we pull
him pull him up back to that I don't want to go back up I come up for two
seconds and you're the guy that can get us all down okay just hanging out here
okay okay also guys I turn them and say look it's it's getting late and it's
Christmas time and I feel like you know we don't know whether whether or not the
Sun will come out tomorrow whether Admiral Darkstar is gonna come get us
so it's kind of praying for some miracle to happen right now to end this show I
cut kumail's characters penis off now I throw up does it sizzle yeah Merry
Christmas everybody all right I guess that's heading thank everybody Merry
Christmas happy holidays happy holidays don't forget where we were in this
game we're gonna be a couple weeks before we see you again yeah we're gonna
be gone for a while thank you so much for enjoying us throughout this year
we'll see you in the new year let's take Christmas and it's holy Rob Schrab
Duncan Trussell Spencer Crittenden Dan who's saying the Nat King Cole song very
wonderfully I'm Jeff Davis your com told him one more time for the mayor of
Harmontown thank you for a year another year of audio audio fortitude from Zach
and did you think Zach and and Dustin our producer and I don't know who else is
doing shit I will say in a time of gratefulness and gratitude I'm very
happy to be a part of the show and you guys the people that come here live all
of you listening the people that come here live at the show are the coolest and
most wonderful people in the world and I I hope one day we can see you too thank
you all Merry Christmas Happy Holidays on comics for giving us a home thank you
this is Neil hamburger hey I don't know a few podcast people even watch the news
but it's a real catastrophe right now in the Philippines they had a horrible
typhoon and it's just a goddamn mess those folks need assistance so Tim
Highdecker and myself put together a little six-minute track an exclusive
mp3 titled Taco Bell apple tree which Tim and I will send out to anyone who
donates ten dollars or more to one of the many legit organizations offering
relief down there go to Farrell audio comm for all the details on how you can
hang out